Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to Tesla's first quarter, 2025 Q&A webcast.
My name is Travis Oxrod, head of Investor Relations, and I'm joined today by Elon Musk,
Debatoneja, and a number of other executives.
Our Q1 results were announced at about 3 p.m. central time in the Update Deck, the
published at the same link as this webcast.
During this call, we will discuss our business outlook and make forward-looking statements.
These comments are based on our predictions and expectations as of today.
Actual events or results could differ materially due to a number of risks and uncertainties,
including those mentioned in our most recent filings with the SEC.
During the question-and-answer portion of today's call, please limit yourself to one
question and one follow-up.
Please use the raise hand button to join the question queue.
Before we jump into Q&A, Elon will be providing an update.
I think the work that we're doing there is actually very important for trying to sprain
in the insane deficit that is meeting our country, the United States, to destruction.
The DOGE team has made a lot of progress in addressing waste and fraud.
The natural blowback from that is those who were receiving the wasteful dollars and the
fortune of dollars will try to attack me and those team and anything associated with me.
I'm really left with two choices.
Should we just let the waste and fraud continue and it was continuing at it to grow at a really
unsustainable pace that was bankrupting the country or to fight the waste and fraud and
try to get the country back on the right track.
Tonight, I believe the right thing to do is to specify the waste and fraud and get the
country back on the right track and working together with President Trump and his administration.
Because if the shift from America goes down, we all go down with it, including Tesla and
everyone else.
So, I think this is critical work.
The protests that you'll see out there, they're very organized, they're paid for.
They're obviously not going to admit that the reason that they're protesting is because
they're receiving fraudulent money or that they're the recipients of wasteful large
s.
But they're going to think I can vote for some other reason.
But that is the real reason for the protests.
The actual reason is that those receiving the waste and fraud wish to continue receiving
it.
That is the real thing that's going on here, obviously.
So, now that said, I do think there's, you know, the large slug of work necessary to
get the phone team in place and working in the government to get the financial housing
order is mostly done.
And I think starting probably in next month, May, my time allocation to do is will drop
significantly.
I'll have to continue doing it for, I think, the remainder of the president's term just
to make sure that the waste and fraud that we stop does not come roaring back, which
we'll do if it has the chance.
So I think I'll continue to spend, you know, a day or two per week on government matters
for as long as the president would like me to do so and as long as it is useful.
But starting next month, I'll be allocating far more of my time to Tesla, and now that
the major work of establishing the Department of Government efficiency is done.
So at Tesla, we've gone through many, many crisis over the years and actually been through
many, many near-death experiences, like we probably were on the ragged edge of death,
at least on maybe a dozen times, it's been so many times.
This is not one of those times, we're not on the ragged edge of death, not even close.
So there are some challenges, and I expect that this year will be, there will probably
be some unexpected bumps this year, but I remain extremely optimistic about the future
of the company.
The future of the company is fundamentally based on large-scale, autonomous cars and
large-scale and large-volume, vast numbers of autonomous human-right robots.
So the value of the company that makes truly useful autonomous human-right robots and autonomous
useful vehicles at low-cost, which is what Tesla is going to do, is staggering.
I continue to believe that Tesla with excellent execution will be the most valuable company
in the world by far, but that's an important if.
We must execute well, but if we do execute well, I think Tesla will be the most valuable
company in the world by far, it may be as valuable as the next five companies combined.
So there will be a few bumps along the road before that happens.
I said, I think, in the last earnings call that we'll start to see the prosperity of
autonomy take effect in a material way around the middle of next year.
We expect to be selling fully autonomous rights in June and Austin as we've been saying for
now several months.
So that's continued, but the real question from financial standpoint is when does it
really become material and affect the bottom line of the company and then start to be a
fundamental part of the, when does it move the financial needle in a significant way?
That's probably around the middle of next year, second half of next year.
And then once it does start to move the national needle in a significant way, it will really
go exponential from there.
So that's, I encourage people to look beyond like the, you know, some bumps and potholes
of the road immediately ahead of us, but lift your gaze to the bright shining, you know,
the down on the hill, I don't know, some Reagan Esk imagery.
And that's where we're headed.
And not just in future likes it in the next year or two, so let's see.
With respect to supply chain risk, some of the, some of the Tesla has been working on
for several years is to localize supply chains.
This actually makes sense from a cost standpoint and from a logistics risk standpoint is to
have the supply chains be at least located on the continent in which the car is built.
And so we are, I think the least company, the least affected car company with respect
to tariffs, at least in my most respects, I mean, remains to be seen.
Now tariffs are still, you know, tough on a company when margins are still low.
But we do have localized supply chains in North America, Europe and China.
So that's, that puts us in a stronger position than any of our competitors.
And I'm doubly, I'm going to get a lot of questions about tariffs.
And I, I just want to emphasize that the tariff decision is entirely up to the president
of the United States.
I will weigh in with my advice with the president, which he, he will listen to my advice, but
then it's up to him, of course, to make his decision.
I've been on the record many times saying that I believe lower tariffs are generally
a good idea for prosperity, but this decision is finally up to the elected representative
of the people being the president of the United States.
So, you know, I'll continue to advocate for lower tariffs rather than higher tariffs,
but that's all I can do.
So now, now let me walk you through why I'm so excited about the future of Tesla.
So first of all, autonomy, the team and I are laser focused on bringing rubber taxi
to Austin in June.
And that's autonomy will first be solved for, for the model Y in, in Austin.
And then actually you should parse out the terms for robotic taxi or rubber taxi and
just generally like, what's the, the cybercap because we've got a product called the cybercap
and then any, any Tesla, which could be an S3, X or Y that is autonomous is a robotic
taxi or a robot taxi is very confusing.
So the vast majority of the Tesla fleet that we've made is capable of being a robot taxi,
robotic taxi.
And as we're going from once we can make the whole system work where you can have paid
rides fully autonomously with no one in the car in one city, that, that is a very scalable
thing for us to go broadly within what, what, whatever jurisdiction allows us to, to operate.
So because what we're solving for is a general solution to autonomy, not a city specific
solution for autonomy, once we make it work in a few cities, we can basically make it
work in all cities in that, in, in that legal jurisdiction.
So if it's once we can make it based work in a few cities in America, we can make work
anywhere in America.
Once we can make work in a few cities in China, we can make work anywhere in China, likewise
in Europe, limited only by regulatory approvals.
So this is the advantage of having a generalized solution using artificial intelligence.
And the AI chip that Tesla designs specifically for this purpose, as opposed to very expensive
sensors and high precision maps of a particular neighborhood where that neighborhood may change
or often changes and then the cost stops working.
So a general solution instead of a specific solution.
And we got to Optimus, making good progress in Optimus.
We expect to have thousands of Optimus robots working in Tesla factories by the end of this
year, I think this will work.
And we expect to scale Optimus faster than any product I think in history to get to millions
of units per year as soon as possible.
I think feel confident in getting to a million units per year in less than five years, maybe
four years.
So, 20, 30, I feel confident in predicting a million Optimus units per year.
It might be 20, 29.
So let's see what's restricted energy, the energy business is doing very well.
The mega pack enables the companies to output far more total energy than would otherwise
be the case.
When you think of the energy capability of a bread, it's much more than a total energy
output per year, if the power plants could operate at peak power for all 24 hours as
opposed to being at half power or sometimes a quarter power at night, then you could double
the energy output of existing power plants.
But in order to do that, you need to buffer the engines so that you can charge up something
like battery pack at night and the discharge into the grid during the day.
So this is a massive unlock on total energy output of any given grid of course per year.
And utility companies are beginning to realize this and are buying in our mega packs at scale.
So at this point, a gigawatt class battery is quite a common thing.
So with many orders in the offer, we'll gigawatt and beyond batteries.
And we expect the energy, the station or energy storage business to scale ultimately to tarot
watts per year.
So very, very good numbers.
Now, Q1, first quarters of a year are usually pretty tricky because it's usually the worst
quarter of the year because people don't want to go buy a car in the middle of winter during
a visit.
So we picked Q1 as a good quarter to do a cutover to the new version of the Model Y.
And we changed production of the world's best-selling cars, remembering that Model Y is the best-selling
car of any kind on Earth with a 1.1 billion unit per year output of a single model.
And we did this change over at the same time in factories all across the world.
So congratulations to the Tesla team on an amazing job in calling off what is a very
difficult transition.
So yeah, it's really-- that was very impressive work.
So yeah, in conclusion, while there are many near-term headwinds for us and the border industry,
the future for Tesla is brighter than ever.
The buy of the company is delivering sustainable abundance with our affordable AI powered robots.
So I like this phrase, sustainable abundance for all.
If you say, what's the ideal future that you can imagine, that's what you'd want.
You'd want abundance for all in a way that's sustainable, that's good for the environment.
Basically, this is the happy future.
If you say, what's the happiest future you can imagine?
Which is that would be a future where there's sustainable abundance for all.
What's the best thing to have and we can get on Earth, basically?
So thank you again to the Tesla team for all their efforts at the challenging time.
I look forward to continuing to lead the team to great success in the future.
Great.
Thank you very much, Elon.
Before we move on, Bebov has some opening remarks as well.
Thanks, Elon.
As Elon mentioned, in Q1, we achieve something which has never been undertaken in the automotive
industry of updating all our factories for the best selling car in the world, all at
the same time.
And this is-- people don't understand, this will not a small feat.
They're not aware of anybody else being able to do the best selling car all at once within
a quarter, and that too hitting all the timelines which we had established at the beginning.
So we'll bring kudos to the team for making this happen.
Additionally, we also hit record gross profit for energy storage business in the quarter.
Now getting back into the business, there's been a lot of speculation as to the reasons
for the decline of our vehicle deliveries in the first quarter.
We had previously guided that we will be updating all factories, and this will lead to several
weeks of lost production, which did happen as per-- the ripple effect of the change is
not having enough new model Y available in most markets for people to see and experience
till the last few weeks of the quarter.
Additionally, the negative impact of vandalism and unwarranted hostility towards our brand
and our people had an impact in certain markets.
Despite this, we were able to sell out legacy model Y in US, China, and a few other markets
within the world.
And again, just so people understand, we were producing the legacy model Y till middle to
end of February.
And we switched over and we were able to still sell out within that period.
So again, big achievement by all the people that started making it happen.
We've been extremely-- we have a very extremely competitive vehicle lineup, which with most
vehicles going through a recent update.
And after that, if it wants an FSD, you have a personal chauffeur, which can take you almost
anywhere under supervision.
There are numerous stories shared by customers ranging from how it has entailed their daily
commute to providing mobility to customers with disabilities to giving older customers
the ability to travel comfortably and independently.
Not only is an FSD supervised safer than a human driver, but it is also improving the
lives of individuals who experience it.
And again, this is something you have to experience.
And anybody who has experience just knows it.
And we've been doing a lot lately trying to get those stories out, at least on X, so
that people can see how other people have benefited from this.
Now, coming into some of the financial stuff, auto margins decline sequentially primarily
due to the reduction in the total number of deliveries, lower fixed cost absorption due
to factory change-overs, and lower regulatory credit reviews, offset slight-- by a slight
increase in pricing due to the launch of new model 1, despite incentives which we had to
sell the legacy model 1.
Our energy storage business, like I said before, has achieved yet another milestone
of great highest gross profit in the quarter.
This is despite sequential decline in deployments.
The importance of this business, as I mentioned, is pretty profound, especially in this environment.
Because in order for grids to work properly with the demands from AI and all this, you
need some more stability.
And this is by far the simplest and best solution which we are aware of, which can help do this.
And we've also developed certain unique solutions to help our customers to achieve this.
Additionally, on the Powerwall side, we've been selling the new Powerwall 3.
And it's been received with very good reception from customers and to the extent that we are
currently supply constraint.
On services and other margins, they were slightly down sequentially, primarily because of the
pressure on our use card business and insurance business.
Note that we continued our journey to improve profitability in our services and condition
business through better labor productivity.
As previously discussed, our operating expenses continued to increase sequentially, primarily
due to our AI-related initiatives, including Optimus, and also cost of development for
vehicle programs, including cybercaps, SEMA, and cheaper models.
These expenses flow through R&D.
We believe even in the current environment, it is the right strategy in making investments
in these areas to position us for the long term.
These increases were offset by decreases in the CNA from changes in our vehicle effort
program.
Other income reduced significantly on a sequential basis.
The primary reason was Bitcoin Mark-to-Market loss in Q1 versus Gain in Q4 resulting in
a 472-minute drop.
The remainder of the change is because of FX remanagement.
With the adoption of the new Mark-to-Market standard for Bitcoin, we expect increased
volatility in other income in addition to the FX reportability.
I know we've kind of seen the hottest topic which people talk about, and it has various
impacts to our business.
As Elon mentioned, on the vehicle business, we've been on this journey of regionalization
for years, specifically in the U.S. model Y has been rated the most American-made car
on Cars.com, made in America, indexed three years ago.
The second part is of all the work which the team has been doing over the years, and to
the extent that today, if you look at our vehicle lineup in the U.S., we're approximately
on a weighted average basis, 85% USMCA compliant.
Like Elon said, this definitely gives us a bigger edge as compared to other OEMs in terms
of managing the tariffs, but we're not immune because when the section 232 auto tariffs become
effective in May, which includes Canada and Mexico, and Canada and Mexico has been part
of our regionalization strategy, they will have an impact on profitability.
I know research modeling on this impact has been about a couple of thousand, which is
pretty much in line with what we've been forecasting.
The impact of tariffs on the energy business will be outsized since we source LFP battery
cells from China.
We're in the process of commissioning equipment for the local manufacturing of LFP battery
cells in the U.S., however, the equipment, which we have, can only service a fraction
of our total install capacity at later on.
We've also been working on securing additional supply chain from non-China-based suppliers,
but it will take time.
Also note that mega-fact is affecting all the impact on U.S. from tariffs on the energy
business.
We do have mega-factory China, which just started operations at Q1, and that should take care
of our business outside of U.S.
There's also an important impact of tariffs on our capital investments.
I know this is going to sound counterintuitive, since in order to on-shore manufacturing or
expand lines, we have to bring equipment from outside the U.S. because there is not that
much capacity in U.S.
The current trade environment, such equipment being brought in is subjective.
The expense is bringing in from China right now.
Exactly.
And the reality is that China has the basic one, which has the most capacity to provide
these equipment.
Our CAPEX guidance, inclusive of modern tariffs, even with the optimization we've tried to
do, it is forecasted to be still in excess of $10 billion this year, and we're still
evaluating what more to do on this.
To summarize, we have near-term challenges in our business due to tariffs and band image.
The thing, our strategy of providing the best product at a competitive price is going to
be a winner, and this is the reason Western focused on bringing cheaper models to market
soon.
The start of production is still planned for June.
Additionally, the advancement in FSD-related features, including pilot robot taxi launch
in Austin later this year, should help create a new era of devout.
I would like to thank everyone at Tesla and our customers.
Fantastic.
Thank you very much, Ebov.
Now we will move on to investor questions.
We will start with questions from say.com.
First question is, what are the highest risk items on the critical path to robot taxi launch
and scaling?
Is that a shock?
Yeah, we've got a shock online.
Sure.
Well, just to make, we're just talked by the, just to disambiguate, the CyroKat from robot
taxi was gay.
So the, when will the Teslas, because the Teslas that will be fully autonomous in June
in Austin are probably model-wise.
So that is, that's currently on track to be able to do paid rides fully autonomously
in Austin in June.
And then to be in any other cities in the U.S. by the end of this year.
It's very difficult to predict the exact ramp, sort of week by week, month by month, except
that it will ramp up very quickly.
So it's going to be like some, basically an S-curve where it's very difficult to predict
the intermediate slope of the S-curve, but you kind of know where the S-curve is going
to end up, which is the vast majority of the Tesla fleet being autonomous.
So that, that's why I feel confident in predicting large-scale autonomy around the middle of
next year.
Right?
Yeah.
Certainly the second half of next year, meaning I break that there will be millions of Teslas
operating autonomously, fully autonomously in the second half of next year.
Yeah.
It does seem increasingly likely that there will be a localized parameter set, sort of
like, especially for places that have, say, very snowy weather, like, say, if you're in
the Northeast or something, like this, you can think of it, it's kind of like a human.
Like, you know, if you, you could be a very good driver in California, but are you going
to be also a good driver in a blizzard in Manhattan, you're not going to be as good.
So there is actually some value in, you can sort of drive, but you're probably, if an
accident is higher.
So it's increasingly obvious that there's some value to having a localized set of parameters
for different, you know, different regions and localities, but this is, I'll put that
at the nice tab category, it's not the required category, again, it's very, really the car
is just very much like a human.
It's digital neural nets and cameras, and humans operate with biological neural nets
and eyes.
And so the same strengths and weaknesses will be present.
Or, you know, the digital neural net and cameras versus a biological neural net and
eyes.
Ashok, would you like to elaborate on that?
Yeah, speaking to the location specific models, we still have a generalized approach and you
can see that from, you know, deployment of FSD supervised in China, with this very minimal
data that's like China specific, the models generalize quite well to completely different
driving styles.
That just like shows that the AI based solution that we have is the right one, because, you
know, if you have gone down the previous rule based solutions or like more hard coded
HD map based solutions, it will have taken like many, many years to get China to work.
You can see those in the videos that people post online themselves.
So the generalized solution that we are pursuing is the right one that's going to scale well.
And you can think of this location specific parameters that you don't need to ask a mixture
of experts.
And if you're sort of like familiar with the AI models in GROC and others, they all use
these mixture of experts to sort of specialize the parameters to specific tasks while still
being general. This makes the model use limited amount of compute to solve for the diversity
of tasks that it has to solve.
In terms of addressing the question that asks for, you know, what are the critical things
that mean to get right?
One thing I would like to note is validation, self driving is a long tail problem where
there can be a lot of edge cases that only happen very, very rarely.
Currently, we are driving around in Austin using our QA fleet, but then it's super
rare to get interventions that are critical for robot taxi operation.
And so you can go many days without getting a single intervention.
So you can't easily know whether you are improving or regressing in your capacity.
And we need to build out sophisticated simulations, including neural network-based video generation.
That's all happening in the background to make sure that we deliver a safe product and
we are able to measure our safety, even though we can't just succeed by driving around the
block or something like that.
Yeah.
I mean, very basic terms, if we're seeing an accident every 10,000 miles, well, then
you have to drive 10,000 miles on average before you get an accident or an intervention.
So it's like, okay.
Now imagine, I mean, we must be really, we must be very worked up by the sheer number
of Tesla's doing.
So if it's in Austin right now, we're like, well, it's going to look pretty bizarre.
Yeah.
Some people are chasing us over here.
There's just always a convoy of Tesla's going, well, just going all over to Austin in circles.
But yeah, I just can't emphasize this enough.
In order to figure out the long-tail things, if it's one in 10,000, that says one in 20,000
miles or one in 30, the average person drives 10,000 miles in a year.
So now try to compress that test cycle into a matter of a few months.
That means you need a lot of cars during a lot of driving in order to compress that
cycle, or to do in a matter of a month, what would normally take someone a year.
Yeah.
And I would just also add that, you know, if you haven't looked at those videos coming
out of China, people are really-- Oh, yeah, those videos are amazing.
Yeah.
They're putting it to real test.
I mean, they're taking it to dark roads.
Frankly, I think the Chinese consumer might be the most American consumer.
Actually, customers in China are awesome.
They have a lot of fun with the cars.
I saw one guy take a Tesla on a narrow dirt road across like a mountain, and I'm like
sort of a very brave person.
And the Tesla's driving along on the road with no barriers where it makes a mistake.
He's going to plunge to his doom, but it worked.
Great.
Thank you.
And if the question was on cybercap itself, we're in B-sample validation now.
Yeah, yeah.
That's that question too.
Yeah.
We have our first-- Like big builds coming at the end of this quarter within Q2, and
then, you know, in the coming months, we'll start to bar scale, you know, installation
of all the equipment in giga-texas with, you know, still in schedule for production
next year.
Yeah.
And I just want to also clarify, because I think people don't understand the thing that
there's no new building being built, and where is cybercap going to go?
Oh, it's in the-- It's in the same factory.
Yeah.
It's happy if people don't know it's just happy upstairs and all the long lines while
we're still building the model-wise and cyber trucks every day.
Yeah.
And it's worth noting that the Tesla Gigafactory in Austin is three times the size of the
Pentagon.
Including the garden.
Yeah.
Including the ground zero garden.
So, you know, goes with the Pentagon, like, it's probably used to look big, but then
it won't.
Great.
Thank you very much.
The next question is, "When will FSD on Supervise be available for personal use on
and personally owned cars?"
Before the end of this year, not necessarily, I'd say, within the U.S., like, we do want
to test-- At Tesla, we're absolutely hardcore about safety.
We go to great lengths to make the safest car in the world and have the lowest accidents
per mile and so-- and look, first, live, last.
So we want to be very careful.
So everyone will want to make it to be definitively safer than manual driving.
So it's not enough that it just be as safe.
It needs to be meaningfully safer than if it's for cars manually driven.
So and we want to confirm that there's not something-- We just want to be cautious.
We'll throw a lot.
We don't want to jump in at the deep end with an army.
So with that said, I think we should be able to have it work in several cities later this
year for personal use.
So the asset test being you should be able to-- Can you go to sleep in your car and wait
for your destination.
And I'm confident that will be available in many cities in the U.S. by the end of this
year.
Great.
Thank you very much.
The next question is, "Is Tesla still on track for releasing more affordable models
this year?
Or will you be focusing on simplified versions to enhance affordability similar to the rear-wheel-drive
standard truck?"
Yeah.
We're still planning to release models this year.
As with all launches, we're working through, like, the last-minute issues that pop up.
We're knocking them down one by one.
At this point, I would say that ramp maybe might be a little slower than me at home initially,
but there's nothing, you know, just kind of given that turmoil that exists in the industry
right now.
But there's nothing blocking us from starting production within the next-- within 10-level
laid out and opening remarks.
And I will say it's important to emphasize that as we've said all along, the full utilization
of our factories is the primary goal for these new products.
And so flexibility of what we can do within the form factor and, you know, the design
of it is really limited to what we can do on our existing lines rather than building
new ones.
But we've been targeting the low cost of ownership monthly payment as the biggest differentiator
for our vehicles.
And that's why we're focusing on bringing these new models with a big, no-loss price
to the market within the constraints that you're selling.
Great.
Thank you very much.
And the next question is, "Does Tesla see Roblo taxi as a winner-take-most market?
And as you approach the Austin launch, how do you expect to compare against Waymo's offering,
especially regarding pricing, geofencing, and regulatory flexibility?"
What?
Okay.
The issue with Waymo's cars is it costs Waymo money.
But that is the issue.
You know, the cars are very expensive, made in low volume.
Teslas are, you know, probably costing a quarter or 20 percent of what a Waymo costs and made
in very high volume.
So, you know, ironically, like, we're the ones that made the bet that a Pure AI solution
with cameras and the car actually will listen for sirens and that kind of thing, is the
right move.
And Waymo decided that expensive sensor suite was the way to go, even though Google's very
good at AI.
So I'm wondering.
And it is worth noting that Tesla is both an incredible AI software team and AI hardware
chip design team, from scratch, from nothing, for an acquired one, or just both of them.
So, yeah, it's really, I mean, I don't see anyone being able to compete with Tesla at
present.
And I'm sure that will change eventually, but at least as far as I'm aware, Tesla will
have, I don't know, 99 percent market share or something ridiculous, about 90-something
percent.
At least, I don't know, at least some of them might change, but, you know, if we have millions
of cars deployed next year, unless others have millions of cars deployed, unless we're blocked
by regulatory situations, it won't be long.
I mean, in a few years, we'll have 10 million autonomous cars on the roads then, you know,
and county.
I mean, the other thing which people forget is that we're not just developing the software
solution.
We are also manufacturing the cars.
And like, you know what, like Vamo hands, they're taking cars, then trying to put them
on.
Vamo wanted.
We don't do that.
So that definitely gives us a big dig up.
And like Elon said, we only have a big existing fleet, which hopefully the software update
could become autonomous.
With the software update, it will become autonomous.
To be clear, the Model Y in being autonomous in Austin and June, are the Model Ys we make
currently?
There's no change to it.
I think people don't appreciate that the car which they can buy today, or the car they
have, is capable of these kind of things.
And it does drive autonomously from the factory to the end of flying every car.
Yeah.
Exactly, through the tunnel, the Model Ys, everything.
Right.
Exactly.
We have, it is important to use, it's doing useful work fully autonomously at the factories
as Ashok was mentioning.
The cars drive themselves from end of line to where this was picked up by a truck to
be taken to a customer.
And I'm confident also that later this year, the first Model Y will drive itself all the
way to the customer.
So from our factory in Austin, and I went in here in Fremont, California, I've confident
that from both factories, we'll be able to drive directly to a customer from the factory.
To a plifthry.
Yeah.
Literally goes from the end of line and drives themselves to your house.
It's important to note in the factories, we don't have dedicated lanes or anything.
They're coming out every day, trucks, delivery supplies, parts, construction, you know.
Well, if people can film it, by the way, you can see this from the road, like it's uncovered.
Exactly.
In this video, people take videos online, and anyone who wants to go see it can just
drive past our Fremont factory and see the autonomous cars, driving themselves and they
drive themselves and they put themselves in the exact right spot to be picked up.
Yeah, the logistics yard is right there in the open.
Yeah.
We don't move it again to another lane.
But they go to a specific spot.
Yeah.
So, that's just a routine, like everyday thing.
Great.
Thank you very much.
The next question is, can you please provide an update on the unboxed method and how that
is progressing?
Sure.
It's progressing.
Absolutely.
As I mentioned just a minute ago, it is the basis for our cybercab manufacturing process.
Really what we've changed in order to allow the low cost of production and also get the
super high levels of automation, really, levels of automation are sort of unheard of in the
vehicle manufacturing scale.
This is not something that, you know, when you see it be produced, you'll think of in
terms of like, wow, it's how the car has been built for a hundred years, it's really something
we've changed.
In the past year, we've been like focusing on a lot of key development areas, like marrying
these large sub-assemblies together in a precise way, in an accurate way.
We've also de-risked things like corrosion of uncoded aluminum structures, the sealing
across the seams of the vehicle, and when you marry the assemble components, and we've
even done early crash testing and proven that it's going to be just as safe as every other
car we've built.
So with all that combined, we kind of go into the builds that we have at the end of this
quarter for the cybercab product, and that's the next real big test of full-scale integration
with the unbox process, and it's kind of where we are, so you'll see them in testing on the
test roads in a couple of months.
Yeah, although the line won't be upset at this rate initially, this is a revolutionary
production system.
I'm not sure what the right word is, unboxing sounds like something like when you get your
phone.
Can you open it up?
Yeah, you have like a pleasant experience when you take your phone out of the box.
Which of course is nice, but this is much more revolutionary than that.
This is a profound reimagining of how to make cars in the first place.
No car is made like this anywhere in the world.
The factory is the product as much as the car is the product.
So this really is the first principles approach to manufacturing that will ultimately allow
us, I'm trying to think, I'm confident ultimately and allow us to achieve a cycle time unit every
five seconds or less, or for single line.
And we want to incorporate some of these for testing into our existing production lines
as well.
So this is something I've been thinking about for a long time, and I've sort of been thinking
about this for a long time, and it's kind of, it's not a crazy thing, like a car every
five seconds may sound like it's coming out like bullets, but actually it's coming out
at walking speed.
It's a meter a second.
So this is like, we're still far away from caring about the aerodynamic drag of the
manufacturer in line, you know, because you're still at three miles an hour or so, you know,
every five seconds sounds crazy, but it's three miles an hour, so we're talking about.
So yeah, you can run away from it, basically.
But that's still, by far, the fastest line on earth, you know, it's like half hour, half
hour at night, that's kind of, what's like addressing the line on earth is like about
the chain.
And that's also 33 seconds, and we're the fastest, right?
I think so.
We think we think we're the fastest at 33 seconds, you know, sharing my factory, but
this would be, you know, six times faster or seven times faster or less.
So yeah, I mean, it'll be slower than that, but the point is that, like, when you fully
optimize the design in operation of the next generation factory that we're building right
now.
The five second cycle time or less is, the design is capable of it, you know.
So if you, you know, when you go through like a radical new architecture, you go from like
being like in A, I mean, I'd say like probably sharing that in particular is in A plus on
a moderately, you know, in advance, but still traditional car production system.
So they're really doing about as good as possible as possible to do in a conventional scenario.
So trying to get much below, you know, sort of below like 30 seconds, extremely difficult,
and you start getting into sort of impossible where you just, you have to be faster than
a human could possibly move.
So then the autonomous line, it really just needs to be robust, moving really fast.
And that's where you get to some five seconds.
But we'll sort of getting a C in, instead of an A getting a C in a new architecture,
but then the potential is there of time to move that up to an A plus within an A plus
architecture.
Great.
Thank you very much.
The next question is, how is Tesla positioning itself to flexibly adapt to global economic
risks in the form of terrorist political biases, et cetera?
As Elon said, you know, we've been surprising team for a while.
We continue to mitigate global economic risks like tariffs and political biases by regionalizing
part supply near its factories in North America, Berlin and Shanghai.
For example, in North America, our high volume vehicle programs have over 85% North America
content and Shanghai vehicles have over 95% local content.
But then a similar levels of regionalization as North America, when you exclude the battery
and we are working on regionalizing the battery as well.
This is a pre-pandemic strategy that we accelerated post-pandemic to supply diversification, to
sourcing vertical integration, advanced analytics and local partnerships to ensure supplies
in resilience and production stability.
Having said that, we are not 100% insulated and these tariffs are higher on our low volume
platforms than the high volume ones.
Yeah.
In fact, there's no more vertically integrated car company than Tesla.
I mean, we're the most integrated car company since Henry Ford back in the day when they
were doing mining iron and stuff and growing rubber trees.
So we're not growing rubber trees and mining iron yet, but we have built a lithium refinery
in South Texas and it's the biggest lithium refinery outside of China, I think.
Is that right?
Yeah.
I think so.
It's out there, potentially, would be the biggest lithium refinery I've seen.
And we've got strays to expand it if we need to build more.
Right.
And then we've got the cathode refinery in Austin next to the gate factory.
We're going to figure out what to do about the anode.
This is an ongoing subject of discussion.
The best possible will also be figuring out how to have no anode, best part being no part.
That's the dream of the lithium batteries to have an anode.
But either way, we better have the anode, the cathode, and the lithium and the electrolytes
and the separator to make a cell.
But there's no other car company that has bought the lithium refineries and cathode
refineries were ridiculously vertically integrated.
And that's our best position to protect against supply chain disruptions.
Yeah.
All right.
Do you want to talk about progress in the front?
Yeah.
We, in our cells, we've multi-sourced every component.
We have every part coming from at least two different countries, margin, which is-- we
started this-- the supply chain team and the engineering team worked together on this
for the last couple of years to put that together.
It's not something we did in a couple of months, this is years of work.
We're in a good position to get advantage of that.
And the insourcing of lithium and cathode, they're the two most critical parts of the
battery that's right in that backyard, and we're totally insulated from--
Well, they need to be in operation.
They need to be in operation.
That's the right way.
We also make our own cells, by the way, so cell production, if you look at this, you
make the anode, the cathode, the lithium, the electrolyte separator, the can, and then
you've got to put all that together in the cell factory.
And there are entire companies that all they do is produce cells, but they don't do the
other stuff.
They don't refine the lithium or the cathode, or-- so our cell production is going quite
well, and I think we're-- we're currently sort of the lowest cost per kilowatt hour.
We have the lowest cost per kilowatt hour, all things considered.
So the Tesla cell is the most competitive cell in any-- yeah, for a kilowatt hour, according
to a car, if it's a Tesla cell, it's lower cost than it's a supplier cell.
Yeah.
And the plan this year is to really build off that base, getting to lowest cost is-- it's
the hardest challenge for so many people, you know.
It's relatively easy to build a flashy product that does one thing well, to build something
at high volume and low cost is super difficult, and we're kind of using that as a base to
then build off and add performance in different areas for new products coming out.
Yeah.
So--
Can I come?
Yeah.
I mean, to Elon's point, there's a lot of advantages for regionalization, you know, the most important
thing is we're not trying to work in capital for six to eight weeks on the ocean.
If there's a design change, then everything that's in transit basically has to be scrapped.
Secondly, poor disruptions, as we started in COVID, can be very expensive because slight
disconnects can shut down production, so then your only option is costly air expedite.
It also gives us resilience and supply chain if one region is down, we can bridge with others.
It's more work to set up in the beginning, but it's critical to have when the need arises.
Having said that, it's unrealistic to zero 100 percent regionalization across the board
for specialized areas such as semiconductors.
In such cases, our team works very closely with our partners to ensure we have strategic
banks in place, and a disruption doesn't impact production while we stand up the regional
manufacturing for that particular commodity.
And I'll say like on the rest of the vehicle, like Elon was talking about with sales, we're
also heavily for integrated import ingots, you know, in terms of the testings, we recycle
those in melts and there's the same thing with plastics, but it doesn't mean we're not
exposed.
You know, we do have some areas where we use various magnets, you know, that we've been
working for years to find alternative sources and bring those up as well as we have our
induction machines.
And as we've mentioned in the past, we're working on our ferrant numbers for some time.
So like as Karn said, you know, with our heavy regionalization percentages, we're definitely
like the lowest, you know, exposed to this, but we're not completely immune, as Bob mentioned
is what we've worked.
Great.
This is similarly related and on the battery guide is test list of a battery supply constraint
as noted on the Q4 call.
And does that change the tariffs?
So this is Karn.
We've been working very hard to expand battery cell production in the U.S., both with vendors
and what Bonnie mentioned earlier with the 4680 program.
And we're also working on moving the upstream supply chain for battery cells in the United
States for several years.
And that strategy is really starting to pay off now.
As it stands right now, we're not constrained on battery cell supply for vehicles.
The recent tariffs do pose some challenges to Tesla Energy, like our CFO mentioned earlier,
but it's something we've been anticipating and we should be able to resolve in a timely
fashion.
We actually have a plan to find a place where we're executing towards it.
We also have some other sourcing sources coming online to supplement the shortfall
and then, of course, we have the LFV production that's happening in-house.
We have a slight disconnect of aligning the right cells with the right paths.
That's the little bit of puzzle that we have to solve internally.
But as far as cells go, there's no shortage.
Great.
Thank you very much.
The next question is, did Tesla experience any meaningful changes in order inflow rate
in Q1 relating to all the rumors of brand damage?
So in Q1, as mentioned earlier, we took the best-selling car of the last two years and
ramped up all four of our global factories, and in less than eight weeks, we've already
gone to the rate of our previous model-wise, the factories.
So just kudos again to the team for the great job there.
And despite the economic strain and negative articles in California and Q1, Tesla remained
the best-selling car, not just EV.
And additionally, we had a record number of test drives globally in Q1 as well.
So interest remains high.
And so right now, we continue to see good interest still in the EGLE.
Yeah.
I mean, Tesla is more immune to the macro demand for cars.
So when there is economic uncertainty, people generally want to pause on buying during a
major capital purchase like a car.
But, you know, as far as absent from macro issues, we don't see any reduction in demand.
Correct.
And that's where we continue to focus on the affordability.
Yeah, it's fun to focus there.
Yeah.
Fantastic.
Thank you, guys.
The next question is, regarding the Tesla Optimist pilot line, could you confirm it if it is
currently operational?
If so, what is the current production rate of Optimist bots per week?
Additionally, how might the recent tariffs impact the scalability of this production
line moving forward?
No, Optimists, I wanted to start off with Optimist is still very much developed in the
industry.
It's not a large volume production.
It's fine.
This year, you know, we'll make a few, you know, we do expect to make thousands of Optimist
robots, but most of that production is going to be at the end of the year.
So almost everything in Optimist is new.
There's not like an existing supply chain for the motors, gearboxes, electronics actuators,
really anything in the, almost anything in Optimist, apart from the AI for Tesla, the
Tesla AI computer, which is the same as the one in the car.
So when you have a new complex manufacturer product, it'll move as fast as the slowest
and least lucky components in the entire thing.
And as a first order approximation, there's like 10,000 unique things.
So that's why that, that's why it isn't, anyone in here tells you they can predict with precision
the production ramp of a truly new product is, doesn't know what they're talking about.
It is literally impossible.
So you go through this like series of constraints where it's like this part's a limited factor,
now that part's a limited factor, and this part's a limited factor, and multiply that
by a thousand basically.
And then the rate of the production ramp is decided by how quickly you can solve each
of those problems.
Now, Optimist was affected by the magnet issue from China, because the Optimist actuators
in the arm do use permanent magnets.
Now Tesla as a whole does not need to use permanent magnets.
But when something is volume constrained, like an arm of the robot, then you want to
try to make the motors as small as possible.
And then, so we did the design in permanent magnets, permanent magnets for those motors,
and those were affected by the supply chain, by basically China requiring an export license
to send out any rare earth magnets.
So we're working through that with China, hopefully we'll get a license to use the rare
earth magnets.
China wants some assurances that these are not useful military purposes, which obviously
they are not.
They're just going into a humanoid robot.
So it's not a weapon system, but that is an example of a challenge there.
But I'm confident we'll overcome these issues, and we'll, by the end of this year, have thousands
of profitless robots.
Great.
Thank you very much.
And the last question we already covered earlier, whether RoboTaxi was selling truck
this year.
So with that, we can move on to analyst questions.
The first question is going to come from Pierre at New Street.
Pierre, please unmute yourself.
Hey guys, can you hear me?
Yeah.
That's great.
I'm super excited to hear RoboTaxi and Optimus becoming the very tangible future for Tesla.
But I have actually a question on the legacy, not the legacy, but the current auto business.
And when I look back at the ramp of Model 3 a few years ago, I really saw it as being
the iPhone of cars, a new product, completely reinvented, very different user experience,
vastly superior, impossible to match for traditional competitors.
And for the iPhone, it resulted in the high end of the smartphone market quadrupling in
size and actually Apple taking 60% market share.
And so when you look at the Model 3 and the Model Y today, I think they are still like
really vastly superior to any other cars.
And I wonder why they've taken about 15% of their addressable market and not more, actually.
So another way to put it is why are there so many people still buying BMWs and Methodists
knowing that the Model 3 and the Model Ys are out there and available.
And I wonder if you're trying to solve that really internally, if you understand why,
you know, what are these auto buyers who are not buying a Model 3 or a Model Y missing
and if you have ideas of things you could do to address that, maybe there is enormous
value left on the table there.
Yeah, that's what I'm wondering these days.
Yeah, the reality is that in the future, most people are not going to buy cars.
So it's kind of what one could sort of say, look, I think one to continue with your phone
metaphor.
I mean, you can remember the days of the flip phones when there was, you know, 100 different
flip phone designs, and I would, you know, the mistake that manufacturers made was to
try to make many different variants of a flip phone, but which was a mistake.
They should have made the iPhone.
So because obviously everyone's going to want a smartphone.
But in the beginning of the, when, you know, the iPhone came out, I was like, wow, I can't
believe these guys are not reacting as though this is death, but they didn't, they kept
making to variants and flip phones.
Nokia, I think at one point was the most valuable company in the world, close to it, but they
kept making flip phones, you know, trying to find another model, maybe somebody wants
a phone of a different style, maybe this different color or whatever it is.
Nope, they just want a super intelligent phone that can do everything, just one.
So I said this many years ago, in the future, in the not too distant future, buying a gasoline
car that is not autonomous will be like riding a horse while using a flip phone.
Some people still do it, but it's rare.
Okay, and thank you.
The next question comes from Emmanuel Rosner at Wolf.
Emmanuel, please unmute yourself.
Great.
Thanks for taking my question.
So Ilan, the public version of the FSD software still has a decent amount of, I guess, intermittent
human interventions that are required.
So what's still required for the software on your end to get to a level where it doesn't
need to be supervised, and I'm asking that in the context of obviously the June launch
being in the next couple of months, what still needs to happen?
And we are working on a number of items, too.
Go ahead.
Yeah.
I mean, we are aware of the interventions that are happening in the public bills, and
that's why we are hardcore, burning it down, and really speaking, some initial launch city
helps us focus on solving all the issues that you'd face here.
For example, like we're focusing on Austin, we're not solving all the issues that customers
in Boston or somewhere else might face.
And then here, we just have a big list of all the issues, just burn it down, and that's
what the team is working on, along with other sort of redundancy issues.
For example, if one of the computers goes down right down the customer fleet, it would
throw the red hands and ask you to take over, but we don't want that kind of situation.
So you're solving both the reliability issues of the autonomy software and also the reliability
issues of the system software together for Austin.
Yeah, it really just works through a long tail of unusual interventions, so, and these
are really very, like, this is a single item intervention every 10,000 miles.
I mean, there's a lot of driving you've got to do to even find one case with an update.
Yeah, and some interventions that are happening due to systematic, like missing functionality,
for example, for handling emergency vehicles correctly, you don't need to consume audio
as an input, but then the customer facing versions don't have audio input, but the
version that's in that's going to be in Austin will have audio input and so on.
Okay, but would you have, like, remote operators, for example?
I mean, every now and then if a car gets stuck or something, someone will, like, you know,
unblock it, but it's bigger, we are a bit conservative and are 10 towards more safety
than even if we get stuck every now and then, we do have remote support, but it's not going
to be required for safe operation.
If anything, it's just required for more availability.
Anyway, it's only a couple of months away, so you can save yourself in a couple of months
in Austin.
Great.
Our next question comes from Edison at Deutsche Bank.
Edison, please unmute yourself.
Hi, thank you very much for the question.
So I wanted to ask about the the optimist supply chain going forward.
You know, you mentioned, you know, very fast ramp up.
What do you envision that supply chain looking like?
Is it going to require many more suppliers to be in the U.S. now because of the tariffs?
How does one kind of think about what needs to happen there?
I have to see how things settle out.
I don't know yet.
Great.
I mean, so some things we're doing, as we've already talked about, which is that we're
really taking tremendous steps to localize our supply chain, we're more localized than
any other manufacturer, and I may have a lot of things underway that to increase the localization
to reduce supply chain risk associated with geopolitical uncertainty.
Did you have a follow-up, Edison?
Yeah.
I wanted to come back, actually, to the the RoboTaxi then.
Do you have a sense on how many cars or how big the scale will be initially and how that
might ramp up?
I know you're targeting, you know, millions of vehicles in the second half, kind of of
next year.
But initially, at launch, how many vehicles would be reasonable and is it going to be
as simple as if one goes to Austin, let's say, in late June or July, you'd be able to
request?
Yeah.
We're still debating the exact number to start off on day one, but it's, I don't know, maybe
10 or 20 vehicles on day one, and watch it carefully, they scale it up rapidly after that.
So, you know, we want to make sure that we're paying very close attention the first time
this happens.
But yeah, you're able to end up in June or July, just go to Austin and what are Tesla
and what are those driving?
Great.
And the next question comes from George at Kanakort.
Hi, thank you for taking my question.
It has to do with FSD pricing.
Can we envision when you launch unsupervised FSD that there could be sort of a multi-tiered
pricing approach to unsupervised versus supervised similar to what you did with autopilot versus
FSD in the past?
Thank you.
I mean, this is something which we've been thinking about, I mean, just so you know,
for people who have been trying FSD and who've been using FSD, they think even the current
pricing is too cheap because for 99 bucks, you're basically getting a personal show.
Yeah.
I mean, would you need to give people more time to, they want to look at, like a key
break point is can you read your text messages or not?
Yes.
Can you write a text message or not?
Because obviously people are doing this, by the way, with auto-autonomous drives all
the time.
And if you just go for a drive down the highway and you'll see people texting while driving
doing 80 miles an hour.
And putting makeup on in the same time.
Yeah.
But putting on makeup, doing their hair with them, mirror down and texting and driving at
80 miles an hour.
This is a common occurrence.
So if you're eating lunch, you name it, shaving, you know, so anyway, but right now the car
is very insistent that you pay attention to the road.
So which produces a value somewhat because it's very rigorous about you paying attention
to the road.
And we'll gradually lighten up on that with, you know, every few weeks or every month.
We'll relax that a little bit and make it so you can be more and more able to do things
you want to do and not have the car to manage your average attention.
So that value, it'll really be profound when you can basically do whatever you want, include
a sleep and then that $99 is going to seem like the best $99 you've ever spent in your
life.
And George, did you have a follow-up?
My follow-up is about geographic expansion.
Just maybe discuss additional markets.
You know, there's been some news around India recently that you could launch this year and
next.
Thank you.
So, yeah, I mean, we've been working on getting into India.
India is a very hot bucket and especially the current, and I don't want to talk just
about tariffs, but the current tariff structure within is that any car which we send in is
subject to 70% tariff, also like a 30% luxury tax on it.
So, you know, the same car which we were sending is like 100% more expensive than what it is.
So that creates a lot of, you know, anxiety is like, you know, people feel okay, they're
paying too much for the car.
And by the way, we're not getting the money, the local government is getting the money.
And that's why we've been very careful trying to figure out when is the right time.
And we, like I said, we are working on it, it's a great, it would be a great market to
enter because India has a big middle class, which we would want to tap in and that is
the market which we want to be in.
But again, these kind of things create a little bit of tension which we're trying to work
around.
Great.
Thank you so much.
The next question comes from Adam Jonas at Morgan Stanley.
Go ahead, Adam.
We can't hear you, Adam.
So, maybe we'll put you back in the queue and we'll move to Colin Langen from Wells Fargo
while Adam figures out his audio.
Colin, please unmute yourself.
Oh, great.
Do you hear me?
Yes.
Oh, great.
You know, you're still sticking with the vision-only approach.
A lot of autonomous people still have a lot of concerns about, you know, sun glare, fog
and dust.
Any color on how you anticipate on getting around those issues because, in my understanding,
it kind of blinds the camera when you get glare and stuff?
Actually it does not blind the camera.
We use an approach which is direct photon count.
So when you see a processed image, so the image that goes from the sort of photon counter,
the silicon photon counter, that then goes through a digital signal processor or image
signal processor, that's normally what happens.
And then the image that you see looks all washed out because if you point the camera
at the sun, the post-processing of the photon counting washes things out.
It actually adds noise.
So a big breakthrough that we made some time ago was to go with direct photon counting
and bypass the image signal processor.
And then you can drive pretty much straight at the sun, and you can also see in what appears
to be the blackest of nights.
And then here in fog, we can see as well as people can, probably better, but I'd say
probably slightly better than people, but the average person anyway.
So the camera is able to see when there's direct glare on it, I'm surprised by that.
Okay.
And then just, there are obviously media reports the other day that the affordable model was
delayed, doesn't sound like that's correct.
Those reports also talked about it being more of a cheaper version of the Model Y.
Any color on what we should expect?
Is it a cheaper version of the Model Y or is it actually going to be a design change
with it?
So I think Lars only covered it in answering one of the say.com gaussians.
The real thing which we are trying to focus on is affordability.
And using existing lines, and there's always limitations when you're using existing lines
as to how many different form factors can you bring to.
So that's the way I would say you should think about it and I don't know Lars, anything more
to add?
I think we have this stuff for another calls like with recent upgrades to the Model 3 and
the Model Y platforms, we need some pretty great cars, pretty great prices, and we added
a bunch of features and things like that.
I think it's easy to consider that moving forward, Tesla doesn't make bad cars and we
always make, our intent is not to make a car that is any worse than any car we've ever
produced in the past.
And so the models that come out in the next months will be built on our lines and will
resemble the form and shape the cars we currently make and the key is that they'll be affordable
and they'll be able to buy one.
Great.
We might have time for one last question, Adam will try your audio again.
You want to try to unmute yourself, Adam?
All right, unfortunately it's still not working.
All right, guys, technology, yeah, hi, in the February 28th, Joe Rogan interview, Elon,
you advocated for a rampant tariffs to give people time to adjust, otherwise, you said
the system would break and bad things would happen.
So are things breaking yet?
And if the announced, if the tariffs as announced remain in place, when would things start breaking?
Well, at the risk of stating the obvious, I'm not, I'm one of many advisors to the president,
I'm not the president, so, and, but I, you know, I've made my opinion clear to the president
and that, you know, and other people made their opinion clear to the president.
He listen, he talks to many people and he makes his decision and, you know, I'm hopeful
that the president will observe whether my predictions are more accurate than the predictions
of others and perhaps where my advice differently in the future we shall see.
But, you know, I'm an advocate of, you know, predictable tariff structures and generally
I'm an advocate for, you know, pre-trade and lower tariffs, but now one does need to take
a look at where if some country is doing something predatory with tariffs or is providing that
extreme support for, if a governor is providing extreme financial support for a particular
industry, then you have to do something to counteract that, so, but I think that that's
on a case-by-case basis strategically, but, you know, the president is the elected representative
of the people and is fully within his rights to do what he would like to do.
Okay, Elon, I respect that.
Just as a follow-up and thanks again, between China and the United States, who in your opinion
is further ahead on the development of physical AI, specifically on humanoids and also drones,
I'd be interested in, and is it even close and kind of how, I, yeah, I think, serious.
Well, I think, you know, the answer, I mean, you know, a friend of mine of all made this,
you know, posted on X, I reposted it, but I think a prophetic statement, which is any
country that cannot manufacture its own drones is doomed to be the vastest state of any country
that can, and we can't, America cannot currently manufacture its own drones, but that's again.
Fortunately, so China, I believe, manufactures about 70% of all drones, and if you look at
the total supply chain, China is almost 100, almost 100% of drones are, have a supply chain
dependency on China. So China is in a very strong position. And here in America, we need
to shift more of our people and resources to manufacturing, because this is, you know,
I have a lot of respect for China, because I think China is amazing, actually, but the
United States does not have such a severe dependency on China for drones, and be unable
to make them, unless China gives us the parts, which is currently the situation.
You know, with respect to humanoid robots, I don't think there's any company in any country
that can match Tesla. Tesla and SpaceX are number one. So, and then, now, I'm a little
concerned that on the leaderboard, ranks two through 10 will be Chinese companies, but
I'm confident that rank one will be Tesla. Great. Well, I think that's unfortunately
all the time we have for today. We appreciate all your questions and look forward to talking
to you next quarter. Thank you very much and goodbye.